////////////////////////////// CSS Basic User Interface 
https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Basic_User_Interface 
CSS Basic User Interface is a CSS module that lets you define the rendering and functionality of features related to the user interface.

appearance -blue 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/appearance
box-sizing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing
cursor 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/cursor
ime-mode -black 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/ime-mode
nav-down -blue
nav-left -blue
nav-right -blue
nav-up -blue
outline 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline
outline-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-width
outline-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-style
outline-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-color
outline-offset 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline-offset
resize 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/resize
text-overflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-overflow
user-select -blue 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/user-select

////////////////////////////// CSS Basic Box Model 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model 
CSS Basic Box Model is a module of CSS that defines the rectangular boxes—including their padding and margin—that are generated for elements and laid out according to the visual formatting model.


----------- Properties controlling the flow of content in a box

overflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow
overflow-x 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-x
overflow-y 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-y

----------- Properties controlling the size of a box

height 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/height
width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/width
max-height 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-height
max-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-width
min-height 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/min-height
min-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/min-width

----------- Properties controlling the margins of a box

margin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin
margin-bottom 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-bottom
margin-left 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-left
margin-right 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-right
margin-top 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-top
margin-trim -blue 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-trim

----------- Properties controlling the paddings of a box

padding 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding
padding-bottom 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding-bottom
padding-left 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding-left
padding-right 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding-right
padding-top 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding-top

----------- Other properties

visibility 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/visibility



////////////////////////////// CSS Positioned Layout 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning 
CSS Positioned Layout is a module of CSS that defines how to position elements on the page.

bottom 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/bottom
clear 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clear
float 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/float
left 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/left
position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/position
right 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/right
top 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/top
z-index 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/z-index


////////////////////////////// CSS Backgrounds and Borders 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Backgrounds_and_Borders 
Styles in the CSS Backgrounds and Borders module allow filling backgrounds with color or an image (clipped or resized), or modifying them in other ways. These styles can also decorate borders with lines or images, and make them square or rounded. (Additionally, element boxes can be decorated with a shadow.)

background 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background
background-attachment 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-attachment
background-clip 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-clip
background-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-color
background-image 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-image
background-origin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-origin
background-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-position
background-position-x 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-position-x
background-position-y 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-position-y
background-repeat 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-repeat
background-size 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-size
border 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border
border-bottom 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom
border-bottom-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom-color
border-bottom-left-radius 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom-left-radius
border-bottom-right-radius 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom-right-radius
border-bottom-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom-style
border-bottom-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-bottom-width
border-collapse 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-collapse
border-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-color
border-image 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image
border-image-outset 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-outset
border-image-repeat 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-repeat
border-image-slice 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-slice
border-image-source 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-source
border-image-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-width
border-left 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left
border-left-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left-color
border-left-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left-style
border-left-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left-width
border-radius 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-radius
border-right 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-right
border-right-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-right-color
border-right-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-right-style
border-right-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-right-width
border-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-style
border-top 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top
border-top-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top-color
border-top-left-radius 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top-left-radius
border-top-right-radius 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top-right-radius
border-top-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top-style
border-top-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-top-width
border-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-width
box-shadow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-shadow


////////////////////////////// CSS Display 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Display 
CSS Display is a module of CSS that defines how the CSS formatting box tree is generated from the document element tree and defines properties controlling it.

display 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display
<display-outside> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-outside
<display-inside> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-inside
<display-listitem> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-listitem
<display-box> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-box
<display-internal> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-internal
<display-legacy> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/display-legacy


////////////////////////////// CSS Box Alignment 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Alignment 
The CSS Box Alignment module specifies CSS features that relate to the alignment of boxes in the various CSS box layout models: block layout, table layout, flex layout, and grid layout. The module aims to create a consistent method of alignment across all of CSS. This document details the general concepts found in the specification.

justify-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/justify-content
align-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-content
place-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-content
justify-items 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/justify-items
align-items 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-items
place-items 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-items
justify-self 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/justify-self
align-self 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-self
place-self 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-self
row-gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/row-gap
column-gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-gap
gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gap
Cross axis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Cross_axis
Main axis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Main_axis
Alignment container 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Alignment_container
Alignment subject 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Alignment_subject
Fallback alignment 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Fallback_alignment



////////////////////////////// CSS Flexible Box Layout 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout 
CSS Flexible Box Layout is a module of CSS that defines a CSS box model optimized for user interface design, and the layout of items in one dimension. In the flex layout model, the children of a flex container can be laid out in any direction, and can “flex” their sizes, either growing to fill unused space or shrinking to avoid overflowing the parent. Both horizontal and vertical alignment of the children can be easily manipulated.

flex 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex
flex-basis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-basis
flex-direction 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-direction
flex-flow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-flow
flex-grow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-grow
flex-shrink 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-shrink
flex-wrap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex-wrap
order 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/order
justify-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/justify-content
align-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-content
align-items 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-items
align-self 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/align-self
place-content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-content
place-items 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-items
row-gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/row-gap
column-gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-gap
gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gap
Flexbox 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Flexbox
Flex Container 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Container
Flex Item 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item
Main Axis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Main_Axis
Cross Axis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Cross_Axis
Flex 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex



////////////////////////////// CSS Table 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Table 
CSS Table is a CSS module that defines how to lay out table data.

border-collapse 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-collapse
border-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-spacing
caption-side 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/caption-side
empty-cells 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/empty-cells
table-layout 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout
vertical-align 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/vertical-align



////////////////////////////// CSS Multi-column Layout 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Columns 
CSS Multi-column Layout is a module of CSS that adds support for multi-column layouts. Support is included for establishing the number of columns in a layout, as well as how content should flow from column to column, gap sizes between columns, and column dividing lines (known as column rules) along with their appearance.

column-count 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-count
column-fill 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-fill
column-gap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-gap
column-rule 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-rule
column-rule-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-rule-color
column-rule-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-rule-style
column-rule-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-rule-width
column-span 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-span
column-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/column-width
columns 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/columns
break-after 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-after
break-before 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-before
break-inside 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-inside
orphans 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/orphans
widows 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/widows



////////////////////////////// Microsoft CSS extensions 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Microsoft_Extensions 
Microsoft applications such as Edge and Internet Explorer support a number of special Microsoft extensions to CSS. These extensions are prefixed with -ms-.

-ms-accelerator 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-accelerator
-ms-block-progression 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-block-progression
-ms-content-zoom-chaining 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-chaining
-ms-content-zooming 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zooming
-ms-content-zoom-limit 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-limit
-ms-content-zoom-limit-max 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-limit-max
-ms-content-zoom-limit-min 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-limit-min
-ms-content-zoom-snap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap
-ms-content-zoom-snap-points 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap-points
-ms-content-zoom-snap-type 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap-type
-ms-filter -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-filter
-ms-flow-from 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-flow-from
-ms-flow-into 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-flow-into
-ms-high-contrast-adjust 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-high-contrast-adjust
-ms-hyphenate-limit-chars 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-chars
-ms-hyphenate-limit-lines 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-lines
-ms-hyphenate-limit-zone 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-zone
-ms-ime-align 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-ime-align
-ms-overflow-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-overflow-style
-ms-scrollbar-3dlight-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-3dlight-color
-ms-scrollbar-arrow-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-arrow-color
-ms-scrollbar-base-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-base-color
-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color
-ms-scrollbar-face-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-face-color
-ms-scrollbar-highlight-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-highlight-color
-ms-scrollbar-shadow-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-shadow-color
-ms-scrollbar-track-color -red 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-track-color
-ms-scroll-chaining 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-chaining
-ms-scroll-limit 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit
-ms-scroll-limit-x-max 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit-x-max
-ms-scroll-limit-x-min 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit-x-min
-ms-scroll-limit-y-max 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit-y-max
-ms-scroll-limit-y-min 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit-y-min
-ms-scroll-rails 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-rails
-ms-scroll-snap-points-x 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-points-x
-ms-scroll-snap-points-y 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-points-y
-ms-scroll-snap-x 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-x
-ms-scroll-snap-y 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-y
-ms-scroll-translation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-translation
-ms-text-autospace 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-text-autospace
-ms-touch-select 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-touch-select
-ms-wrap-flow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-wrap-flow
-ms-wrap-margin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-wrap-margin
-ms-wrap-through 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-wrap-through
zoom 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/zoom
::-ms-browse 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-browse
::-ms-check 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-check
::-ms-clear 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-clear
::-ms-expand 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-expand
::-ms-fill 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-fill
::-ms-fill-lower 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-fill-lower
::-ms-fill-upper 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-fill-upper
::-ms-reveal 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-reveal
::-ms-thumb 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-thumb
::-ms-ticks-after 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-ticks-after
::-ms-ticks-before 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-ticks-before
::-ms-tooltip 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-tooltip
::-ms-track 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-track
::-ms-value 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-ms-value
-ms-high-contrast 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-ms-high-contrast
msContentZoomFactor
msGetPropertyEnabled 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/API/MsGetPropertyEnabled
msGetRegionContent 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/API/MsGetRegionContent
MSRangeCollection 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/API/MSRangeCollection
msRegionOverflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/API/MsRegionOverflow



////////////////////////////// CSS Text 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Text 
CSS Text is a module of CSS that defines how to perform text manipulation, like line breaking, justification and alignment, white space handling, and text transformation.

hanging-punctuation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hanging-punctuation
hyphens 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/hyphens
letter-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/letter-spacing
line-break 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/line-break
overflow-wrap 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-wrap
tab-size 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/tab-size
text-align 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-align
text-align-last 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-align-last
text-indent 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-indent
text-justify 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-justify
text-size-adjust 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-size-adjust
text-transform 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-transform
white-space 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/white-space
word-break 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/word-break
word-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/word-spacing


////////////////////////////// CSS Shapes 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Shapes 
CSS Shapes describe geometric shapes for use in CSS. For the Level 1 specification, CSS Shapes can be applied to floating elements. The specification defines a number of different ways to define a shape on a floated element, causing wrapping lines to wrap round the shape rather than following the rectangle of the element's box.

shape-image-threshold 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/shape-image-threshold
shape-margin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/shape-margin
shape-outside 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/shape-outside
<basic-shape> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/basic-shape


////////////////////////////// CSS Table 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Table 
CSS Table is a CSS module that defines how to lay out table data.

border-collapse 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-collapse
border-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-spacing
caption-side 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/caption-side
empty-cells 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/empty-cells
table-layout 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/table-layout
vertical-align 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/vertical-align


////////////////////////////// CSS Fragmentation 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fragmentation 
CSS Fragmentation is a module of CSS that defines how content is displayed when it is broken (fragmented) across multiple pages, regions, or columns.

box-decoration-break 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-decoration-break
break-after 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-after
break-before 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-before
break-inside 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-inside
orphans 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/orphans
widows 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/widows


////////////////////////////// CSS Fonts 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Fonts 
CSS Fonts is a module of CSS that defines font-related properties and how font resources are loaded. It lets you define the style of a font, such as its family, size and weight, line height, and the glyph variants to use when multiple are available for a single character.

font 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font
font-family 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-family
font-feature-settings 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-feature-settings
font-kerning 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-kerning
font-language-override 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-language-override
font-optical-sizing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-optical-sizing
font-size 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size
font-size-adjust 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-size-adjust
font-stretch 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-stretch
font-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-style
font-synthesis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-synthesis
font-variant 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant
font-variant-alternates 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-alternates
font-variant-caps 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-caps
font-variant-east-asian 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-east-asian
font-variant-ligatures 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-ligatures
font-variant-numeric 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-numeric
font-variant-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-position
font-variation-settings 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variation-settings
font-weight 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-weight
line-height 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/line-height
font-family 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-family
font-feature-settings
font-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-style
font-variant
font-weight 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-weight
font-stretch 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-stretch
src 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/src
unicode-range 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/unicode-range



////////////////////////////// CSS Writing Modes 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Writing_Modes 
CSS Writing Modes is a CSS module that defines various international writing modes, such as left-to-right (e.g. used by Latin and Indic scripts), right-to-left (e.g. used by Hebrew or Arabic scripts), bidirectional (used when mixing left-to-right and right-to-left scripts) and vertical (e.g. used by some Asian scripts).

direction 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/direction
glyph-orientation-horizontal
text-combine-upright 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-combine-upright
text-orientation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-orientation
unicode-bidi 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/unicode-bidi
writing-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/writing-mode


////////////////////////////// CSS Animations 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations 
CSS Animations is a module of CSS that lets you animate the values of CSS properties over time, using keyframes. The behavior of these keyframe animations can be controlled by specifying their timing function, duration, their number of repetitions, and other attributes.

animation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation
animation-delay 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-delay
animation-direction 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-direction
animation-duration 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-duration
animation-fill-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode
animation-iteration-count 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-iteration-count
animation-name 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-name
animation-play-state 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-play-state
animation-timing-function 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-timing-function
@keyframes 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@keyframes



////////////////////////////// CSS Transforms 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Transforms 
CSS Transforms is a module of CSS that defines how elements styled with CSS can be transformed in two-dimensional or three-dimensional space.

backface-visibility 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/backface-visibility
perspective 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/perspective
perspective-origin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/perspective-origin
rotate 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/rotate
scale 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scale
transform 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform
transform-box 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box
transform-origin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-origin
transform-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-style
translate 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/translate
<transform-function> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function



////////////////////////////// CSS Transitions 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Transitions 
CSS Transitions is a module of CSS that lets you create gradual transitions between the values of specific CSS properties. The behavior of these transitions can be controlled by specifying their timing function, duration, and other attributes.

transition 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transition
transition-delay 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transition-delay
transition-duration 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transition-duration
transition-property 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transition-property
transition-timing-function 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transition-timing-function



////////////////////////////// CSS Motion Path 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Motion_Path 
Motion Path is a CSS module that allows authors to animate any graphical object along a custom path.

offset 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset
offset-anchor 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-anchor
offset-distance 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-distance
offset-path 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path
offset-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-position
offset-rotate 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-rotate


////////////////////////////// CSS Color 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Color 
CSS Color is a CSS module that deals with colors, color types, color blending, opacity, and how you can apply these colors and effects to HTML content. Not all CSS properties that take a <color> as a value are part of this module, but they do depend upon it.

color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color
color-adjust 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-adjust
opacity 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/opacity
<color> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value


////////////////////////////// CSS Generated Content 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Generated_Content 
See the how to guide for generated content to learn more, and the content and quotes properties for implementation information.

content 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content
quotes 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/quotes


////////////////////////////// CSS Miscellaneous 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Miscellaneous 
These pages contain CSS properties that are highly experimental or don't fit in any other categories.

all 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/all
text-rendering 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-rendering



////////////////////////////// CSS Images 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Images 
CSS Images is a module of CSS that defines what types of images can be used (the <image> type, containing URLs, gradients and other types of images), how to resize them and how they, and other replaced content, interact with the different layout models.

image-orientation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image-orientation
image-rendering 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image-rendering
image-resolution
object-fit 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/object-fit
object-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/object-position
linear-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/linear-gradient
radial-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/radial-gradient
repeating-linear-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/repeating-linear-gradient
repeating-radial-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/repeating-radial-gradient
conic-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/conic-gradient
repeating-conic-gradient() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/repeating-conic-gradient
url() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/url
element() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/element
image() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/_image
cross-fade() 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/cross-fade
<gradient> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/gradient
<image> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/image


////////////////////////////// Compositing and Blending 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Compositing_and_Blending 
Compositing and Blending is a CSS module that defines how shapes of different elements are combined into a single image.

background-blend-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-blend-mode
isolation 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/isolation
mix-blend-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mix-blend-mode
<blend-mode> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/blend-mode


////////////////////////////// CSS Text Decoration 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Text_Decoration 
CSS Text Decoration is a module of CSS that defines features relating to text decoration, such as underlines, text shadows, and emphasis marks.

letter-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/letter-spacing
text-align 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-align
text-decoration 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration
text-decoration-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-color
text-decoration-line 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-line
text-decoration-offset
text-decoration-skip-ink 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-skip-ink
text-decoration-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-style
text-decoration-thickness 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-thickness
text-emphasis 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-emphasis
text-emphasis-color 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-emphasis-color
text-emphasis-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-emphasis-position
text-emphasis-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-emphasis-style
text-indent 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-indent
text-rendering 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-rendering
text-shadow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-shadow
text-transform 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-transform
white-space 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/white-space
word-spacing 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/word-spacing


////////////////////////////// CSS Lists 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Lists_and_Counters 
CSS Lists is a module of CSS that defines how lists can be laid out and styled.

list-style-image 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style-image
list-style-type 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style-type
list-style-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style-position
list-style 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style



////////////////////////////// Filter Effects 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Filter_Effects 
Filter Effects is a module of CSS that defines a way of processing an element’s rendering before it is displayed in the document.

backdrop-filter 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/backdrop-filter
filter 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/filter
<filter-function> 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/filter-function


////////////////////////////// CSS Masking 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Masking 
CSS Masking is a CSS module that defines means, including masking and clipping, for partially or fully hiding portions of visual elements.

clip -black 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clip
clip-path 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/clip-path
clip-rule
mask 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask
mask-border 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border
mask-border-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-mode
mask-border-outset 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-outset
mask-border-repeat 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-repeat
mask-border-slice 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-slice
mask-border-source 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-source
mask-border-width 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-width
mask-clip 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-clip
mask-composite 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-composite
mask-image 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-image
mask-mode 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-mode
mask-origin 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-origin
mask-position 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-position
mask-repeat 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-repeat
mask-size 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-size
mask-type 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-type


////////////////////////////// CSSOM View 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSSOM_View 
CSSOM View is a module of CSS that lets you manipulate the visual view of a document, in particular its scrolling behavior.

scroll-behavior 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/scroll-behavior




////////////////////////////// CSS Overflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Overflow 
CSS Overflow

overflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow
overflow-block 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-block
overflow-inline 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-inline
overflow-x 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-x
overflow-y 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-y
text-overflow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-overflow
block-overflow -blue
line-clamp -blue
max-lines -blue
continue -blue
-webkit-line-clamp -yellow 
https://developer.mozilla.org//en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-line-clamp
